changfeed: add Binary Encode Method parameter for Sink to Cloud Storage (#14597)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-cloud-storage.md

    To configure the **CSV** format, fill in the following fields:

>     - **Binary Encode Method**: The encoding method for binary data. You can choose between "base64" (default) or "hex". If you want to integrate with AWS DMS, use "hex".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Binary Encode Method**: The encoding method for binary data. You can choose **base64** (default) or **hex**. If you want to integrate with AWS DMS, use **hex**.
```

>     - **Binary Encode Method**: The encoding method of binary type data, optional 'base64' or 'hex', default 'base64 '. If you want to integrate with AWS DMS, please use 'hex'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Binary Encode Method**: The encoding method for binary data. You choose between "base64" (default) or "hex". If you want to integrate with AWS DMS, use "hex".
```
